chore(koda): initialize Koda (#48)
OutSystems/cordova-outsystems-secure-sqlite-bundle: CLAUDE.md

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for development workflow, branch naming, commit conventions, and the release process.

## Directory Structure

```
www/                               JavaScript initialization code
  outsystems-secure-sqlite-init.js   Core plugin logic: wraps openDatabase, manages keys
build-actions/                     Capacitor/ODC build configuration
  disable_auto_backups.yaml          Android manifest modification (build action)
  update_strings_for_keystore.js    Capacitor hook for KeyStore plugin strings
  README.md                          ODC integration instructions
plugin.xml                         Cordova plugin manifest with dependencies
```

## Command Quick Reference

| Command | Purpose |
|---------|---------|
| `cordova plugin add .` | Install plugin locally in a test Cordova app |
| `npm run capacitor:update:before` | Run Capacitor hook to update KeyStore plugin strings |
| `git log --oneline -20` | View recent commit patterns for conventional commit format |
| `cordova platform add android` | Add Android platform for testing |
| `cordova platform add ios` | Add iOS platform for testing |

> No automated tests exist. Manual testing required on both platforms.

Reviewer: Unsure if these commands will be very relevant for Claude, as I'm unsure he'll be able to test the plugin properly in a non-OutSystems app (not without some work), and since the repository doesn't have its own cordova app, I don't think it would run these commands, so does it matter?

Version updates in `plugin.xml` are common maintenance tasks. Check CHANGELOG.md for dependency update patterns.

## Capacitor/ODC Specifics

For Capacitor apps (OutSystems ODC), Cordova hooks don't work. Two mechanisms replace them:

1. **Build Actions** (`disable_auto_backups.yaml`) - Declared in ODC plugin extensibility config, modifies AndroidManifest.xml at build time
2. **Capacitor Hooks** (`update_strings_for_keystore.js`) - Runs via npm script `capacitor:update:before`, ensures strings.xml has KeyStore plugin requirements

See [build-actions/README.md](./build-actions/README.md) for ODC integration instructions.

## Testing Scenarios

Manual testing must cover:

1. **First install** - Database creation with new key generation
2. **App restart** - Database reopening with cached key (memory) vs. re-fetched key (cold start)
3. **Device PIN change** - Android: removing PIN renders database unreadable (known limitation)
4. **Migration** - Apps upgrading from older plugin versions must successfully migrate keys
5. **Authentication skip** - Verify app exits when user skips lock screen authentication

> 6. **Unsecure device** - Verify app prompts for PIN setup or exits

Reviewer: I mean ideally yes, but depending on the changes this might be overkill.

Also not sure on what step 5 exactly means.

> Test both Cordova (MABS) and Capacitor (ODC) build paths.

Reviewer: I mean Cordova and Capacitor apply for both MABS and ODC, so I'd suggest instead for it to be

```suggestion
Three different build paths to test: Cordova (MABS with O11 and ODC) and Capacitor (MABS in ODC)
```
